docs(cli): add abi-ts to newdocs (#1872)
latticexyz/mud: next-docs/pages/cli/abi-ts.mdx

# `mud abi-ts`

> This command converts [JSON files](https://www.json.org/json-en.html) that contain the [ABI](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html) to [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) so they can be imported more easily into applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command converts [JSON files](https://www.json.org/json-en.html) that contain the [ABI](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html) to [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) with strong types so they can be used to infer types for tools like [`viem`](https://viem.sh/) or [`wagmi`](https://wagmi.sh/).
```

## Using the command

> 1. Inside a MUD project create an ABI JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build your Solidity files (e.g. with [`forge`](https://book.getfoundry.sh/)) to obtain an ABI JSON file.
```
(not required to be in a MUD project for this CLI)
